git init
git add .
git commmit -m "commnit message"
git branch new-patch1
git checkout new-patch1
git remote add origin "link to the github repo site"
git push -u origin new-patch1

Here’s a step-by-step explanation of the given Git commands:

1. git init
Purpose: Initializes a new Git repository in your current directory.

Creates a hidden .git folder in your project directory.
This is the first step to start tracking files and changes in your project.
2. git add .
Purpose: Stages all files in the current directory and its subdirectories for commit.

. specifies all files in the project directory.
It tells Git to track changes in all modified, new, or deleted files, preparing them to be saved in the next commit.
3. git commit -m "commit message"
Purpose: Saves the staged changes to the local repository.

-m "commit message" adds a message describing the changes.
The commit creates a snapshot of your project at this point, which you can revert to later if needed.
4. git branch new-patch1
Purpose: Creates a new branch called new-patch1.

Branches allow you to work on different versions of your project simultaneously.
new-patch1 is an isolated environment to make changes without affecting the main branch.
5. git checkout new-patch1
Purpose: Switches to the new-patch1 branch.

Ensures that any subsequent changes will be made in this branch and not in the main branch.
You can start working on new features or fixes in this branch.
6. git remote add origin "link to the github repo site"
Purpose: Links your local repository to a remote GitHub repository.

origin is a default alias for the remote repository.
"link to the github repo site" is the URL of your GitHub repository (e.g., https://github.com/user/repo.git).
7. git push -u origin new-patch1
Purpose: Pushes your local branch (new-patch1) to the remote repository.

-u sets the upstream branch, so future git push commands will automatically push to origin new-patch1.
Your changes in new-patch1 are now available in the linked remote repository.
Summary of Workflow:
Initialize a Git repository.
Stage and commit changes.
Create and switch to a new branch.
Link the repository to a remote GitHub repository.
Push the branch to the remote repository for others to collaborate or review.





